but look I'll be honest I'm feeling a
little nervous like I could use some
words of encouragement of something we
can push the the berry button what's the
berry button you push it when it when
you need something very important fight
that man is my first late night hosting
game that's pretty important now should
we do this man
[Applause]
I was out with all my friends
celebrating yeah okay yeah yeah yeah you
push the button yeah so I ran over here
your bass is a cup there's a weird cuz
you don't seem to be sweating the only a
little bit out of breath well cuz Halle
Berry don't sweat make sense so now that
I'm here baby what can I do for you look
I need some inspiration okay like that
Oscar speech you gave that got me height
okay I need you to like give me some
that holly berry juice okay all right I
got you
all right let's hit it Lina yes you know
I know you right you do we've worked
together yes so I know that you are a
force of nature's right
you are a beautiful african-american
queen
[Applause]
tonight you are a writer an actor a
producer and tonight you are a
late-night comedian and you're out to
slay this show are you already winning
girl cuz you are dressed way better than
Jimmy thank you you gotta do you need
something else I mean I think I'm good
no I think you need something else
Oh
[Applause]
Wow if you want to make me good oh you
look at that camera and you plug John
wick right now okay
look John wick chapter 3 para bellum is
in theaters now go see that
[Applause]
yo yo yo Guillermo do we fit Friday
button off the walk with that bow thanks
for watching if you like that video
click the subscribe button and if you
didn't like it will you hurt my feelings